mr. Cockrell in your four years as US
Marshal how many men have you shot sharp
girl let us restrict it to killed so
that we may have a manageable figure
mr. Cogburn
[Music]
looking for the magnet over my father
man's name is Tom Chaney I need somebody
to go after him ma'am my name is Betty
Ross
[Music]
are you some kind of loan I'm a Texas
Ranger I don't check it is at least a
two-man job taking him alive
can we depart this afternoon
wait I'm going with you congratulations
you graduate from Marauder to wet-nurse
[Music]
you missed your shot Cockburn just let
this go aren't you gonna say the Sun was
in your eyes that is to say your I got a
lot of experience with bounty hunters
Dean that is a silly question I am 14
you can run I don't like you
I will not go back not without Chaney
dead or alive gonna cut you down
now watch Cockburn them boys you know
think about the wrath that's about to
set down in the Ganga rough life
[Music]
okay let's go biggest mistake you ever
make
[Music]